feat(next): `next info --verbose` for additional details (#53181)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/02-api-reference/08-next-cli.mdx

```

This information should then be pasted into GitHub Issues.

> In case of diagnosing installation issue in more detail, you can run `next info --verbose` to get the additional information about system and the installation of next-related packages.
> This will generate lengthy output, if it's hard to copy paste running `next info --verbose --out-file filename` will generate text report file instead of emitting to stdout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to diagnose installation issues, you can run `next info --verbose` to print additional information about system and the installation of next-related packages. This output could be lengthy so you can also run `next info --verbose --out-file file.txt` to write a text report file instead of emitting to stdout.
```
